hi I'm Sasha lots of you were requesting
I'll make a chocolate fudge cake and I
finally done it I'm sure most of you
will have the ingredients in your
cupboard because it's super easy to make
and here's how we do it to make this
you're going to need 225 grams of plain
flour 350 grams of caster sugar 85 grams
of cocoa powder and a teaspoon of
espresso coffee powder two teaspoons of
vanilla extract one and a half teaspoons
each of baking powder and bicarbonate of
soda 2 medium eggs 125 milliliters of
vegetable oil 250 milliliters of hot
milk and lastly for the sponge part of
the cake 250 milliliters of boiling
water for the simple chocolate icing
you'll need 200 grams of plain chocolate
1 tablespoon of golden syrup you can't
buy that way you are they click the
little link here I'll show you how to
make it
finally 200 milliliters of double cream
putting this cake together doesn't take
long
so pre-heat your oven to 180 Celsius
right of the video you'll also want to
prepare to 20 centimeter cake tins you
want to grease them with butter and then
line the boss with parchment paper like
I've done here
start off by breaking your eggs into the
Bell whisk in them round
set all of your dry ingredients into a
large bowl
mix all that through with the simple
balloon whisk
let's put in your milk and egg mixture
your vanilla and the vegetable mix it
until you've made a nice paste
I love mixing when my favorite things to
do once you've achieved a smooth batter
it's time to slowly put the boiling
water in or mixing all the while
let's get that started
hopefully think of this stage it looks
far too runny because to be honest with
you and it's like hot chocolate
don't worry is supposed to look like
that just keep mixing the water in until
it's all like this next pour the mixture
between your two tins split it as evenly
as you possibly
admit you preheated oven on a middle
shaft
now that my cakes in the oven it's time
to make my chocolate icing in this
palette but my tablespoon of golden
syrup I'm gonna add my chocolate and all
your cream and gently heat it just until
the chocolate melts I don't want to
bring this to the boil you want to get
away with heating it as little as
possible while still melting the chopped
there we go all my chocolates now melted
so I'm going to get that off the heat
set it aside for about two hours
after 30 minutes in your oven they
should be done and ready to come out so
I'll just pop them out
now check them with a skewer by putting
it in it comes out clean then they'll be
done
absolutely fine if you do find any
better stuck to the skewer just pop we
back in the oven for about another two
minutes and check it again
now that my cake and icing of cooled
down I'm ready to start
I've just decorated it with some simple
icing sugar stars do those just before
you serve because they disappear into
the frosting I hope you enjoy this when
you make it and I hope you've enjoyed
watching me make it as well as ever
please share my videos with your friends
and come back for seconds